chore: make it explicit if external users may call management canister methods (#317)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.md

### IC method `fetch_canister_logs` {#ic-fetch_canister_logs}

> This method can only be called by external users via non-replicated query calls, i.e., it cannot be called by canisters, as replicated update calls, and as nested composite query calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can only be called by external users via non-replicated query calls, i.e., it cannot be called by canisters, as replicated calls, and from composite query calls.
```
